Update and extend lazer mod articles (#14794)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Accuracy_Challenge/en.md

*For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see: [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))*

> The **Accuracy Challenge** mod allows the player to set a minimum [accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy) that they must maintain to avoid a failure. Thus, it works similarly to [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death_(lazer)), except that it's based on accuracy rather than [combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)).

Reviewer: we generally don't use contractions in the wiki

```suggestion
The **Accuracy Challenge** mod allows the player to set a minimum [accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy) that they must maintain to avoid a failure. Thus, it works similarly to [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death_(lazer)), except that it is based on accuracy rather than [combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)).
```

**Note:** For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))
:::

The **Accuracy Challenge** mod allows the player to set a minimum [accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy) that they must maintain to avoid a failure. Thus, it works similarly to [Sudden Death (SD)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Sudden_Death_(lazer)), except that it is based on accuracy rather than [combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)).

## Customisation

![Accuracy Challenge customisation options in the game client](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/img/customise/AC.png)

- **Minimum accuracy** (60.0%–99.9%, default: 90.0%): Trigger a failure if the accuracy drops below this value.
- **Accuracy mode** (default: Maximum achievable): The mode of accuracy that will trigger failure.
  - **Maximum achievable**: Fail if the selected threshold cannot be achieved by the end of the [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) anymore.
  - **Standard**: Fail immediately if the accuracy drops below the selected threshold.
- **Restart on fail** (default: disabled): Automatically restart the map after a failure.

> Changing any of these settings will **not** cause your scores to be unranked.

Reviewer 2: there's a better way to tell this without the double negation and help with the comprehension, for example

```suggestion
Any combination of the above settings produces rankable scores.
```

(please apply this everywhere where this phrase occurs)
